In a world devoid of life, a lone wanderer treads across the desolate landscape. Dressed in ragged attire, the figure moves quietly, leaving faint marks on the dry ground. Against the bleak sky, it stands as a solemn reminder of perseverance amidst abandonment, carrying the echoes of a forgotten time. He carries tha fate of those who were lost through time. A sin waiting redemption, in an echoing emptiness. Every mountain, every tavern, every forest now suffers the curse of silence. Where do we draw the line between dead and alive? Is that a question of life, or a purpose to keep wandering where sentience shifts to an absurd search. A craving. Living as if thou was bound to suffer the consequences of hope. Not knowing how long was his sanity lost, turning into a lonely construct of reality. He stopped searching. He left the very thing many would kill for: hope. Welcoming destruction as a long friend meant the only salvation he could accomplish. Standing on top of mountains where birds flew to a fitter place, leaving marks on echoing halls where wars started and ended. There is the suffering caused by those who never wanted to make dreams come true. An endless calling to the voice of past, echoing like waves, getting magnified by the mark of a lone wolf. Loneliness kills the soul, cripples the mind and binds the will.<br>
He felt alone, for a long time. Always searching for one thing. A single purpose. This unforgettable destination in life earned his will back. <br>
Aeon learned to appricate the small details in his hollow life. After living in isolation for lifetimes, one day, he stopped. He started noticing an unusual phenomenon, which at first glance seemed like an illusion. A raven. A single bird was sitting on top of birch tree's branch, enjoying the silence of eons. He felt...cold, a small breeze through the winds of life. Not a single lifeform could survive it, only Aeon. But that is no more. He found the first sign to find what is lost. Everything... Since Aeon can speak with many animals and creatures, he made an attemp to communicate, but the raven was first:<br>
Why is thou bound to live as if cradled by the living was thy sin? Sorry mate, was thinking about what to say to you when we first meet. I thought maybe something diabolical, or religious. But I ain't no wither, I don't have a dictionary up my ass.<br>
So If you had time to think, how long is it that you know about my existence? Are you an illusion maybe? Fruits and berries aren't the best diet one could have.<br>
Not long, when were you at the Cartomys Peeks?<br>
You kidding me? That was 13 months ago. Why now? You could have shown yourself earlier.<br>
It wasn't the right time friend. See, I ain't just a normal raven, if I was I wouldn't be a good one, since I couldn't hide from you too well. I am sent by one perticulary individual, who I am eternally grateful to. Your love. <br>
Do ravens like to joke? Or is it just you? I am Aeon, Keeper of the Stone, Firstborn of Teargarm Blood. I tried every possible way to prevent this. Nothing worked. I swore to my darling never to use Time Bending, the Creator's magic, to protect the integrity of her father's death. And now she is the one touching it?<br>
Well, not really touched it, just uh... merely thought of using it. She found a solution see captain? By binding me to you, she could give you one last gift, so maybe someday you can find her again. She knew what will happen, she foresee it, made a prophecy, bound by iron and flames, to ensure the future of her one and only love.<br>
Why am I not surprised? She always found a way to make things happen if something goes sideways. Did she also create you?<br>
Not exactly, she only freed me. See I was a slave of a god, and not just any god. I was captive to Arcturion'Dawn, God of Stars. He needed soldiers to explore and oversee far away lands he has not already conquered.<br>
I see then why she choose you. She was always fond of stars and other astronomical topics. Loved to look up on the clear sky and imagine what it feels like up there, looking down. She must have noticed Arcturion'Dawn's doings and choose to act. You came in handy in her plan of avoiding apocalypse.  