It is never an easy choice to abandon the ones we love. The crippling state of the mind where we can't comprehend the future is like dancing over the edge of the Abyss. Diana loved his husband, deeply, and not being able to do anything cursed her. She was the sweetest most caring being throughout the realms. She never would have imagined what the futured holds for her. Being the strongest is acknowledging the symbol of a monster. This was the burnden placed on her during the Great War. Although the King of the Void has been defeated, it came at a hefty price.
Vaett is the city that never rests. You can always find a merchant selling some kioba roots or watch the weekly festival at the city centre. She became a resident after being instructed so by his husband. She had to leave to start over and continue forward with her life. After thorough researce she discovered some unsettling facts. He, is coming. Algengur gives home to various species and races. With it's mountains, oceans, valleys, plains it is ideal for magic to prosper. It is the foundation of reality, the fabric that holds the cracks together. The Order isn't what it's used to be. Since the Great War there is no need for a military allience between the nations and it's people. The only reason it is still in place is to keep up this illusion of peace. The darkness brewing beneath the foot of the people will bring a night that no light can pierce. She was an ordinary girl, born at the wrong place at the wrong time. She was held captive by his father until she came of age. She was wed to the prince of Brein, the second most powerful warlord in the north. Lucky for her, Aeon had his hideout near the palace where the Brein dynasty resides. During a rutin training he caught the glance of her future wife, which he did not know back then. He noticed the chains, the guards and the soldiers escorting the girl. Politely, he walked up to them and asked about the weather:
Good day to you gentlemen, could you provide some clarity on the forthcoming conditions? I'm afraid my crops will get decimated.
Who are you? Can't you see we are not peasants like you? Go away, before we make you go away!
Hush, hush. No need to be so harsh. It is a simple question. I thought the northmen would be more friendly.
Didn't you hear the captain? The next 5 seconds determines if you live or die. I would think very carefully about what to do next.
My, my. Hey girl, are you alright?
Don't address her. Mind your own business!
Careful now, we don't wanna get blood all over your white cloak.
Are you threating me? Take his head!
Dozens of soldiers charged Aeon, swords forward and in the blink of an eye, they all vanished. Disappeared like darkness at sunrise. Diana didn't see anything since magic can only be seen by those having the Bliss of Birth. It is determined at birth, but it can also be earned. Aeon belongs to the second.
Are you alright? Let me get these chains off.
T-Thank you. W-Who are you? Why did you help me?
So many questions. Let's get you some place safe, we'll talk after that.
He took her to a safehouse built by Aeon's father, for the sole purpose of taking care of refugees. Aeon made sure to kill and dispose of every soldier who was present. While Diana slept for 3 weeks, he found out her identity.
Man, why do I always get myself into situations like this? Maybe I should just go to Nouzur and train while I can. Well then, I have make peace with an emperor, so let's get over it quick. He ventured to a 