In a world devoid of life, a lone wanderer treads across the desolate landscape. Dressed in ragged attire, the figure moves quietly, leaving faint marks on the dry ground. Against the bleak sky, it stands as a solemn reminder of perseverance amidst abandonment, carrying the echoes of a forgotten time. He carries tha fate of those who were lost through time. A sin waiting redemption, in an echoing emptiness. Every mountain, every tavern, every forest now suffers the curse of silence. Where do we draw the line between dead and alive? Is that a question of life, or a purpose to keep wandering where sentience shifts to an absurd search. A craving. Living as if thou was bound to suffer the consequences of hope. Not knowing how long was his sanity lost, turning into a lonely construct of reality. He stopped searching. He left the very thing many would kill for: hope. Welcoming destruction as a long friend meant the only salvation he could accomplish. Standing on top of mountains where birds flew to a fitter place, leaving marks on echoing halls where wars started and ended. There is the suffering caused by those who never wanted to make dreams come true. An endless calling to the voice of past, echoing like waves, getting magnified by the mark of a lone wolf. Loneliness kills the soul, cripples the mind and binds the will.  
He felt alone, for a long time. Always searching for one thing. A single purpose. This unforgettable destination in life earned his will back.   
Aeon learned to appricate the small details in his hollow life. After living in isolation for lifetimes, one day, he stopped. He started noticing an unusual phenomenon, which at first glance seemed like an illusion. A raven. A single bird was sitting on top of birch tree's branch, enjoying the silence of eons. He felt...cold, a small breeze through the winds of life. Not a single lifeform could survive it, only Aeon. But that is no more. He found the first sign to find what is lost. Everything... Since Aeon can speak with many animals and creatures, he made an attemp to communicate, but the raven was first:  
I was thinking about what to say to you when we first meet. I thought maybe something diabolical, or religious. But I ain't no wither, I don't have a dictionary up my ass.  
So If you had time to think, how long is it that you know about my existence? Are you an illusion maybe? Fruits and berries aren't the best diet one could have.  
Not long, when were you at the Cartomys Peeks?  
You kidding me? That was 13 months ago. Why now? You could have shown yourself earlier.  
It wasn't the right time friend. See, I ain't just a normal raven, if I was I wouldn't be a good one, since I couldn't hide from you too well. I am sent by one perticulary individual, who I am eternally grateful to. Your love.   
Do ravens like to joke? Or is it just you? I am Aeon, Keeper of the Stone, Firstborn of Teargarm Blood. I tried every possible way to prevent this. Nothing worked. I swore to my darling never to use Time Bending, the Creator's magic, to protect the integrity of her father's death. And now she is the one touching it?  
Well, not really touched it, just uh... merely thought of using it. She found a solution see captain? By binding me to you, she could give you one last gift, so maybe someday you can find her again. She knew what will happen, she foresee it, made a prophecy, bound by iron and flames, to ensure the future of her one and only love.  
Why am I not surprised? She always found a way to make things happen if something goes sideways. Did she also create you?  
Not exactly, she only freed me. See I was a slave of a god, and not just any god. I was captive to Arcturion'Dawn, God of Stars. He needed soldiers to explore and oversee far away lands he has not already conquered.  
I see then why she choose you. She was always fond of stars and other astronomical topics. Loved to look up on the clear sky and imagine what it feels like up there, looking down. She must have noticed Arcturion'Dawn's doings and choose to act. You came in handy in her plan of avoiding apocalypse.  
They continued to talk for a long time. The sun went up, the moon rose, days flew by. They found each others company, refreshing. After so long they felt alive and free of the past. Aeon started to realize there is hope. Hope for a future where he could hold her beloved again and live a life, forgetting about his grave mistake. That guilt never left him completely, always followed him in his shadow, lurking in the darkness, carrying the burden. Then it dawned on him, if he can kill the God of Time, he could bend time to the time where he could have his long awaited redemption. But everything has a cost... The God of Time, Aeternus spent his godhood studying, evolving, transforming. He successfully surpassed the God of Life, Dragtuna, which made the whole pantheon frigtened. They imprisoned him to a prison made just for him. It took long before they could weaken his spirit, his will. In the fights he bent time so clever and delicate, a new realm was born: The Fallen Lands. The name comes from a previous incident with a succubus. She could seduce even the highest forms of life, even gods. A whole realm has fallen to her seduction, resulting in its downfall. Aeternus flipped time, during one of his confrontation, bringing back the seduction. But it was twisted. He altered the past where he was the one originating the allurement. It became his realm, no longer possessing free will. He raised an army, worthy of the name The Order of Commander. That is what Aeon has to face if he wishes to make the realms prosper again. But because he never found comfort in this abomination of life, still could find a peace of mind. Training. From the beginning he trained, sharpened his senses, heightened his capability of magic. In 12319. after BID, Aeon discovered the Sin. It is a calling to those who commited a terrible sin, always whispering words in the ears of the guilty. The Sin is the tomb of a long forgotten tragedy, a being which should stay forgotten. No creature in their right mind would want to go to that place. It reeks of pain and suffering, absorbed by a single coffin.  
Being betrayed, murdered or even robbed of hope diminishes to the real sin, which was commited out of love. Love is a fragile thing. It grants power, ambition, purpose, but only if thy love is strong enough to last through troubled times. One crack can tear down a wall made out of stone, small droplets of water can erode whole mountains. A small grain of sand can cripple the best war machines. Love is an endless fountain of trust and hope, but if that fountain corrupts, trust and hope turn to paranoia and fear. Fear of the unknown. One can only hope this does not come to pass. But that does not mean to do nothing, to let things happen the way they supposed to, we can alter the thread of reality, weave the course of life. The Sin, began as an ordinary man living a harmless and peaceful life as a merchant. He went through life enjoying the company of his loving wife and children. Providing and caring for his family was the purpose of his life, not knowing this would pass. Shortly after winter's cold, he was given a new meaning of purpose and life. Death. Revenge. Vengeance. Massacre. Complete obliteration of the cause of his agony. When he journeyed to a distant realm, selling and bartering with the people of Vaet, a cold and harsh reality prospered at home. He was a popular and trustworthy trader, known for his reputation of quality. He accquired power through the people who put their faith in him. Since some gods gain their power through the faith of their followers, the same happened to him. A simple merchant emerged to godhood. He was so caught up with power he failed to remember the true meaning of living. His family. Power is a dangerous thing. It attracts the worst and corrupts the best. Drunk from power he returned home to find his family murdered. It was the work of his biggest enemy. God of the Land. He was no ordinary god. He was raised as a noble prince, wedded to the lady of Mgaeskir. He lived a life of wealth, women, wine and much more. The only accomplishment of his was the faith he gave to the simple people of the land, so comes the name. Here and there he made it rain, helped the crops grow, when he didn't suffer from the will of the weak. Out of boredom from time to time he waged war on other weaker gods. The merchant was no exception. Boiling from rage, the simple merchant, who became god went on a streak. He massacared countless lives to ease his pain. He even burned the lands, which was grown by the God of the Land. Lust became rage, pain became suffering. He was not the most powerful, not the strongest, not even the wisest. The endless killing came to a stop when a demon caught wind of the blood he left in his wake. Blood to demons is like dead meat to hyneas. He forced himself through the barriers of Algengur and ate the god. Demon cannot be killed forever, only in their own realm, Nouzur. He was ony contained, in the tomb of the Sin. The Sin of Lust.  
This power was the only thing Aeon needed to revert the calamity of the past. He ventured with his newfound friend, the raven, to another realm, since the domb was in the Realm of Death, Dauðaveldi. There, the air grasps your neck, cripples your legs, paralizes your thoughts. If a living creaatures ventures beyonnd the Gate of Redemption, there is no going back. Trapped for eternity in agony and suffering. But not Aeon. He was no common sorcerer. His birth was sensed thorugh all the realms. It tipped the balance of power. Average mages, wizards, fighters, druids, draw their power from a source, a god, the Orb or the Other Side. Aoen, does not. His power and strength comes from inside. Being the Firstborn of Teargarm Blood is a one in eons phenomenon. It gives a key, to the inner mechanisms of magic. To truly understand and control it. The requirements to unlock the keyhole, is to experience undivided bloodlust once. After that, thy has the means to grant himself the power of the Teargarm. It allows the user to bend magic, alter it. Rip a whole in reality itself and create his own domain. This was the only way Aeon could subdue the demon who has no name. He was planning the absorb his whole being, accquiring the Second Phase. Since magic is categorized through 10 levels, Superior and Divine levels, creating new spells and incantations is limited. To alter time he would have to use time magic, one of the hardest, provoking the God of Time, which he wanted to avoid, he had to create a new spell. This was only possible by the Second Phase, the Creator's magic.  
Aeon and Nox reached the tomb. Even Nox could sense the alarming aura reeking from within.